



Zork I - The Great Underground Empire
An Interactive Fiction by Infocom (translated to Inform 7)
Release 3 / Serial number 260908 / Inform 7 v10.1.2 / D
v3: Multimedia
Translated to Inform 7 by John Escobedo
Original by Marc Blank, Dave Lebling, Bruce Daniels, and Tim Anderson
Copyright (c) 1981-1986 Infocom, Inc. ZIL source released under MIT License.

West of House
You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door.

There is a small mailbox here.


> look
West of House
You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door.

There is a small mailbox here.


> n

North of House
You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees.


> n

Forest Path
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north-south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path.


> up

Up a Tree
You are about 10 feet above the ground nestled among some large branches. The nearest branch above you is above your reach.

Beside you on the branch is a small bird's nest.
In the bird's nest is a large egg encrusted with precious jewels, apparently scavenged by a childless songbird. The egg is covered with fine gold inlay, and ornamented in lapis lazuli and mother-of-pearl. Unlike most eggs, this one is hinged and closed with a delicate looking clasp. The egg appears extremely fragile.


> take nest
Taken.


> d

Forest Path
This is a path winding through a dimly lit forest. The path heads north-south here. One particularly large tree with some low branches stands at the edge of the path.


> s

North of House
You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees.


> e

Behind House
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar.


> open window
With great effort, you open the window far enough to allow entry.


> w

Kitchen
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open.

A bottle is sitting on the table.

On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers.

[Your score has just gone up by ten points.]


> w

Living Room
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room.

Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity.

A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case.


> open case
That's already open.


> put nest in case
You put the bird's nest into the trophy case.

[Your score has just gone up by nine points.]


> score
Your score is 19 (total of 350 points), in 14 moves.
This gives you the rank of Beginner.
