



Zork I - The Great Underground Empire
An Interactive Fiction by Infocom (translated to Inform 7)
Release 3 / Serial number 260908 / Inform 7 v10.1.2 / D
v3: Multimedia
Translated to Inform 7 by John Escobedo
Original by Marc Blank, Dave Lebling, Bruce Daniels, and Tim Anderson
Copyright (c) 1981-1986 Infocom, Inc. ZIL source released under MIT License.

West of House
You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door.

There is a small mailbox here.


> look
West of House
You are standing in an open field west of a white house, with a boarded front door.

There is a small mailbox here.


> n

North of House
You are facing the north side of a white house. There is no door here, and all the windows are boarded up. To the north a narrow path winds through the trees.


> e

Behind House
You are behind the white house. A path leads into the forest to the east. In one corner of the house there is a small window which is slightly ajar.


> open window
With great effort, you open the window far enough to allow entry.


> w

Kitchen
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open.

A bottle is sitting on the table.

On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers.

[Your score has just gone up by ten points.]


> w

Living Room
You are in the living room. There is a doorway to the east, a wooden door with strange gothic lettering to the west, which appears to be nailed shut, a trophy case, and a large oriental rug in the center of the room.

Above the trophy case hangs an elvish sword of great antiquity.

A battery-powered brass lantern is on the trophy case.


> take sword
Taken.


> take lantern
Taken.


> turn on lantern
The brass lantern is now on.


> push rug
With a great effort, the rug is moved to one side of the room, revealing the dusty cover of a closed trap door.


> open trap door
The door reluctantly opens to reveal a rickety staircase descending into darkness.


> down
The trap door crashes shut, and you hear someone barring it.

Cellar
You are in a dark and damp cellar with a narrow passageway leading north, and a crawlway to the south. On the west is the bottom of a steep metal ramp which is unclimbable.

Your sword is glowing with a faint blue glow.

[Your score has just gone up by twenty-five points.]


> s

East of Chasm
You are on the east edge of a chasm, the bottom of which cannot be seen. A narrow passage goes north, and the path you are on continues to the east.

Your sword is no longer glowing.


> e

Gallery
This is an art gallery. Most of the paintings have been stolen by vandals with exceptional taste. The vandals left through either the north or west exits.

Fortunately, there is still one chance for you to be a vandal, for on the far wall is a painting of unparalleled beauty.


> n

Studio
This appears to have been an artist's studio. The walls and floors are splattered with paints of 69 different colors. Strangely enough, nothing of value is hanging here. At the south end of the room is an open door (also covered with paint). A dark and narrow chimney leads up from a fireplace; although you might be able to get up it, it seems unlikely you could get back down.

Loosely attached to a wall is a small piece of paper.


> drop sword
Dropped.


> up
Kitchen
You are in the kitchen of the white house. A table seems to have been used recently for the preparation of food. A passage leads to the west and a dark staircase can be seen leading upward. A dark chimney leads down and to the east is a small window which is open.

A bottle is sitting on the table.

On the table is an elongated brown sack, smelling of hot peppers.


> score
Your score is 35 (total of 350 points), in 18 moves.
This gives you the rank of Amateur Adventurer.
